Add documentation about Linking.canOpenURL on iOS and promise rejection (#941)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/linking.md

The method returns a `Promise` object. When it is determined whether or not the given URL can be handled, the promise is resolved and the first parameter is whether or not it can be opened.

> The `Promise` will reject on Android if it was impossible to check if the URL can be opened, and on iOS if you didn't add the specific scheme in the `LSApplicationQueriesSchemes` key inside `Info.plist` (see bellow).

Reviewer: What if this was in a note block below with the other notes as:

> On Android, the `Promise` will reject if it was impossible to check if the URL can be opened.

Author: I thought it would make sense to add this bellow the description of the returned promise. The note about iOS 9+ is much more of a side thing, isn't it?

Reviewer: Ah yeah that makes sense 👍

> As of iOS 9, your app needs to provide the `LSApplicationQueriesSchemes` key inside `Info.plist` or canOpenURL will always return false.

> However, be careful as this method has limitations on iOS 9+. From [the official Apple documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1622952-canopenurl):

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
> This method has limitations on iOS 9+. From [the official Apple documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1622952-canopenurl):

If your app is linked against an earlier version of iOS but is running in iOS 9.0 or later, you can call this method up to 50 times. After reaching that limit, subsequent calls always return false. If the user reinstalls or upgrades the app, iOS resets the limit.
```
